[New Sample] Display dimensions (#669)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: display_information/display-dimensions/README.md

# Display dimensions

Display dimension features from a mobile map package.

![Image showing the Display Dimensions sample](DisplayDimensions.png)

## Use case

Dimensions show specific lengths or distances on a map. A dimension may indicate the length of a side of a building or land parcel, or the distance between two features, such as a fire hydrant and the corner of a building.

## How to use the sample

> When the sample loads, it will automatically display the map containing dimension features from the mobile map package. The name of the dimension layer containing the dimension features is displayed in the controls box. Control the visibility of the dimension layer with the "Dimension Layer visibility" check box, and apply a definition expression to show dimensions of over or equal to 450m in length using the "Definition Expression" checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the sample loads, it will automatically display the map containing dimension features from the mobile map package. The name of the dimension layer containing the dimension features is displayed in the controls box. Control the visibility of the dimension layer with the "Dimension Layer visibility" check box, and apply a definition expression to show dimensions of greater than or equal to 450m in length using the "Definition Expression" checkbox.
```

## How it works

1. Create a `MobileMapPackage` specifying the path to the .mmpk file.
2. Load the mobile map package with `mmpk.loadAsync()`.
3. After it successfully loads, get the map from the mmpk and add it to the map view: `mapView.setMap(mmpk.getMaps().get(0))`.
4. Loop through the map's layers to create a `DimensionLayer` and set the name of the layer to the UI with `dimensionLayer.getName()`.
5. Control the dimension layer's visibility with `dimensionLayer.setVisible(boolean)` and set a definition expression with `dimensionLayer.setDefinitionExpression(String)`.

## Relevant API

* DimensionLayer
* MobileMapPackage

## About the data

> This sample shows a subset of the Edinburgh, Scotland network of pylons, substations, and powerlines within a [Edinburgh Pylon Dimensions mobile map package](https://arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=f5ff6f5556a945bca87ca513b8729a1e), digitised from satellite imagery. Note the data is intended as illustrative of the network only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample shows a subset of the Edinburgh, Scotland network of pylons, substations, and powerlines within an [Edinburgh Pylon Dimensions mobile map package](https://arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=f5ff6f5556a945bca87ca513b8729a1e), digitized from satellite imagery. Note the data is intended as illustrative of the network only.
```
Think digitise needs a z for US spelling
